well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about the
media running dry
and how they use a term
to keep you glued to the screen
to keep you tuned in to let your
imagination run wild
you know in in psychology there's
an idea called the bystander effect
the cool thing about it is that if you
know about the bystander effect
you are less likely to succumb to the
bystander effect
because you know it's a thing
so we're going to try to apply that
logic to something else
almost any time something like what
happened
in tennessee happens and it's not quite
dramatic enough
the counts just aren't high enough and
it's not getting the ratings that
it seems like it should some commentator
will say this could have been a dry
run the
viewer is left with the idea
that there's going to be a follow-up
that something more dramatic is going to
happen
and if they stay tuned they'll find out
what it is filming 11.
so today we're going to talk about dry
runs what they are and what they are not
a dry run is a method of
gauging the opposition's security
posture
it's a rehearsal and it is dry
nothing happens if it's a dry run
it doesn't make the news okay
um a dry run for that
would have been like parking a similar
vehicle in that area
and watching it and seeing how long
it took the uh the locals
to notice it to investigate it
that would be a dry run what i can
assure you
is that unless something went horribly
wrong
no dry run will ever end with a giant
fireball in the middle of a major
metropolitan area that's not a thing
the the idea is to
gauge the opposition security posture
if you destroy a street
their posture will probably change they
may go on a higher alert level
it would stand to reason making all of
your observations
completely irrelevant
in all of the years that i have been
watching the news
i have seen this term used correctly
once once and it was somebody trying to
explain
why a whole bunch of small planes were
flying around an area
like that they shouldn't be in and
nobody knew why
and to my knowledge nobody ever found
out why
that's that that makes more sense it's
not dramatic
no dry run will ever be dramatic
it's designed to not be it's to test
to see what it is possible to get away
with
when it is done it is dry there is
normally not anything
even remotely incriminating on the
people
in the vehicle anything like that so
they can just say oh
i didn't know i was supposed to park
here i wasn't supposed to park here
this gets used to manipulate people
through fear
and what's worse is that most times
when this is said it is said by somebody
that has credentials
that lead me to believe they know or at
least they should know
that what they're saying is inaccurate
but it keeps people tuned in
hopefully i like the bystander effect
now that you know what a dry run is this
won't work on you anymore
it won't elevate your sense of anxiety
because you're going to sit there and
look at the screen and be like no it's
not
that that's silly what they just said
because now you know
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day